predict game results be the best and win
awesome prizes on Nivea dot-com of
course so props to them for actually
making the right choices they do have a
streamlined composition which is pretty
straightforward and what it wants to do
how it wants to play out the games will
need to see if they can set up the right
place an amazing start looking for ganks
when our first step is to controlling
the vision then you can work at that
vision to play aggressively in Lane 4
Sun healer site for example playing
backwards and he's gonna eat a headbutt
and the tower rot event for head from
Neal's explosive charge cut Buster shot
gets the kill teleport starts being
channel from chachi and is cancelled
from chachi that means Miffy decides to
go in aggressive finds another play 3d
ports can entirely control the map in
the early game how do you spot the
jungler but you find it by process of
elimination
now source is getting engaged over
chachi he is gonna be in trouble this
support from hell as son as well as aura
hello thanks coming in there's no flash
the head but the pulverized saw as his
locked up he's pinned against the wall
and it's hard that secure as they kill
amazing finds the cocoon on chachi Chuck
she's gonna reset tower aggro with the
arcane smash and the twisted advanced
borrow an amazing trading from Victoria
in the middle music fighting for the
scuttle crab and he's gonna find the
dance sentence he puts down the Box
pretty early mid laners are starting to
roam two men get hit by the flame comes
back an empress to five so as horror
it's an eels waiting hand pick a strike
to stone away power of evil but he's
gonna find himself stuck between neoui
and bar dang they traded one for one
jungle for myth kala psych should follow
shortly thereafter and it's Niels that's
two zero one very greedy play from
horror if he goes there's a juicy juicy
packet Empress defied Kamsa that's an
easy kill pick it's just gonna get ran
down the shuffle comes out but that
storm sends him home hesitation on the
site from origin and unicorns are gonna
be really happy with this because verax
was sitting on what was available Tower
continues to stand it's not over yet
look at the jungle here comes Hill aside
he's got those mobi boots Peggy's gonna
get forget my power of evil zero 3 to 4x
Becky on Azir and we see exactly the
same not be taken when our unique on
suddenly feel confident invading into
this again they have the one ward place
behind the origin wants to fight it
should expect that homecoming touches
Rico and the fight is breaking out let's
find out equalizers already been used
and it looks like you are well Wow
they've taken out Miffy he just gets its
to give my power of evil the dead three
in the chaos storm we did something big
but origins weren't quite any position
just like Niels he's not in a position
right now he does find the lantern if he
gets caught by the pulverized Hillis
I've got the unbreakable will the power
of evil is on a rampage we do see Neil's
trying to get more as he'll II will take
at our shop quest power of evil she P is
ecstatic with his team's game one prefer
getting chunk down
unicron's will find an easy way to
engage and Power View might just pop two
guys innocent apart stories that was a
good punish though by origin they're
using their fish in the making big
sparks is going along this is jumping
now is that God's him now he chose to
chachi
there's no equalizer but it may not even
be needed the slope comes up from the
righteous glory chachi gets a big chunk
of heal from his passive double kill two
meals and all this again is because
eunuch council bluffs decides to move so
far back on the map that origin got
contriver if they've good position they
have so much damage so let's try and
play some paid in the middling teleport
and flank coming that is stuck on in
fairness Wally fight will happen they
will the Empress the fight is already
down but so is the ferrant defensive
flash from picker there's only one leg I
turn my little shooken
Niels is gonna be forced to rocket jump
over he does so Chuck she's left alone
in the pit
no one from unicorns followed a kill and
parent for origin Neil steals Niels
running to that Lance and while you
still have jump available more so if
hang on he'll assign who's catching you
here
if methey finishes at 6:00 later
speakers caught though expecting escort
he tries to claim some lockup but it
won't be enough he's down power of evils
can't avoid stuff or no so as it's gone
gold any channeled equalize already Duff
will kill put power of evil after a
great initiation by uol very good and
looking forward mated to the middle lane
news is coming and I try to get the
wayfarer at another equalize have
dropped its average at bitch shut you
gets pulled back towards the burn the
explosion will give a recent are they
gonna chase forward Niels decides not to
they hold on to the inhibitor get a kill
but their base is exposed
now tower went down for the unit console
off tickets thought what's coming in
from Saurez as well I don't think
unicorns will be here in time a second
baron uncontested this time from origin
they may get themselves even more the
lantern pulls Niels to chachi
0 for 3 cha Chi will go down amazing but
they've been caught out a few times
except for around the Baron where
unicorns are never in a position
consistent source though he's in trouble
he's in so much trouble
equalizer goes down is already Chaldeans
loss but the Lancer comes in from mithy
that means they're alive
is available Niels is jumping forward
he's got Horo he's got the double he's
looking for the triple power of evil is
so far away but Yellowstone's gonna get
over the wall and Niels could jump in
aggressively because power of you on the
top side of the map took out amazing to
chachi the boomerang does it find its
mark and Niels has life sustain back up
to 75% his supers in the middle lane
origin may look to try finish Sonic
engager from the unicorns let's see what
they can get inhale his hangs on the
front light follow Neill amazing is
trying to throw it away bard agony
repels after safety it's hella saying
that's gone gathers feels they got the
kill
Niels has flashed to his rocket jump Tim
he's good
before being shut down by power of evil
it's a 1 for 4 as Bo he's the last man
standing is doing everything he can but
it will not matter and ace for 2 Origen
break open the base they set their site
to the Nexus turret and they will finish
Game one of this best-of-five but it was
by no means an easy fight for Origen 40
minutes on the clock the Nexus will
strike one more victim and pick in so as
two of the oldest members for the League
of Legends scene will be victorious once
more and tie it to the fountain FB I saw
it of course but man this game a lot to
learn from this game yeah good start
from origin we got to see again to work
amazing and mathé sitting off the map
you